Okay, so now we pushed some code
and all the different branches to GitHub.
Now, one thing you might notice here on my screen,
is that GitHub also tells me that
I could add a README to this page.
And a README is simply a file with some extra information
about this Repository.
This extra information can help your coworkers,
if that's a private Repository,
it could help you in the future
if you're coming back to this project.
Or if you're doing some open source work
and you're sharing your code with the entire world,
then such a README file could provide
some helpful instructions and information
to all the visitors that might be visiting your Repository,
and that might be using your code or package.
Now, adding such a README is simple,
you can do it locally by adding a README.md file.
And you don't have to use all caps here,
this is just a convention.
Alternatively, you can also create it here on GitHub,
and then GitHub will automatically
merge it into your branch.
And I'll do the latter, and create this file on GitHub,
because that then also allows me to show you
another key feature when it comes to working
with remote repositories.
So if I add a README here, then this editor opens up,
and this editor uses Markdown for structuring the content.
And you would use Markdown locally as well.
Your README file does have to be a .md file,
which stands for Markdown,
and which is a special language or syntax you could use
that allows you to easily write structured and rich text.
Now, if you don't know how Markdown works,
the official GitHub documentation gets you started,
if you search for GitHub Markdown,
and in this article you learn how you can
format your text, and structure your text with Markdown.
For example, you create a heading by
adding a hash symbol here,
and then we could say "Important Instructions."
And then add some plain text where we, for example
say "This is a demo repository for practicing
Git and GitHub."
And there are more features you can add
with Markdown, like lists or code snippets.
And again, this article gets you started,
and tells you how you can format
and structure your text with Markdown.
Here, I'll just add this dummy README.
We can also preview it and see how this will show up
on this GitHub page once it has been published.
And with that here, I'll just add a little instruction,
"added README" as my extra message here.
And now we commit directly to the main branch.
So that's what I meant, you can also create commits,
which are then added right here on GitHub.
And that's what I'll do here.
I'll commit this file.
And now you see that in this main branch
we have this README.md file,
which contains the content we just added.
Here we get the preview, but if I look at the code version,
then we see the code we just wrote.
So that's how we add this README.
But now we have a problem.
This README file with instructions
that also show up down there, exists on GitHub,
but it does not exist in our local Git Repository.
And of course, if we continue work locally,
we would therefore continue working
on a different version of that code.
And ultimately, if we then push again in the future,
This would lead to problems because we would push
outdated code to GitHub, because our code, our project
would be missing this README.md file.
So we need some way of downloading the latest code
from GitHub to our local Git Repository.
Now, in order to download code from GitHub
to our local Git Repository,
there is a useful command we can run locally.
And that command will be very important,
because here we created a README file on GitHub,
but it's of course also possible that
you may be pushed some updated code
to this repository from a different device.
Or that you're maybe working on this code in a team,
and a colleague of you changed the code.
And you wanna download that latest version that's on GitHub
to your local Repository so that you can continue work.
And in order to download code from GitHub,
all you have to do is run Git pull.
Git pull does what the name kind of implies,
it pulls, it downloads the code from GitHub,
and applies it to your local Git Repository.
So here, if I run Git pull,
with my remote Repository linked,
which we did way earlier in this course here,
I now see that some code was downloaded.
You get a summary here, and you see that in the end,
it updated this README.md file.
And indeed, the README.md file is now showing up locally,
and in it we see the content that we wrote on GitHub.
So now we have the latest version of the code
on our local machine again.
And that's of course important because now,
we're making sure that we're working
on that latest version of the code again.
So if we would now make changes here locally,
and then push them to GitHub again,
we would make sure that we're not pushing outdated code.